Natalie Austin: Hi, Wesley.
Wes Smith: How you doing,
Wes Smith: Hello in the rough day
Natalie Austin: I'm know what's happened
Wes Smith: I've just been, I've been doing, you know, mean
Wes Smith: For the last few months, and I'm trying to get off of it. I was done with you guys before
Wes Smith: You know mean I left a mode report, I was stupid.
Wes Smith: No mean I was around toxic.
Wes Smith: But I'm going to environment.
Wes Smith: And I feel like I'm doing better.
Wes Smith: I live up Cincinnati now and trying to get me you know me my life back together.
Wes Smith: And I know when I do do a when I was with you guys. I did good, you know, I mean, I really did.
Oh,
Wes Smith: That was my fault.
Wes Smith: And I'm not around toxic people and I'm more
Natalie Austin: You have to just move. You're right, you know,
Wes Smith: Huh. No.
Wes Smith: No thank you.
Wes Smith: Thank you very much.
Wes Smith: Is there any way that you could help me today.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, absolutely.
Wes Smith: Thank you.
Wes Smith: Thank you for real.
Natalie Austin: That's why I'm here. That's why you called in
Yeah.
Wes Smith: Thank you.
You're welcome.
Wes Smith: So you a new doctor
Natalie Austin: I am
Wes Smith: Are you, that's good.
Natalie Austin: I've been doing this since 2017 but I'm new with this company.
Wes Smith: That's good.
Natalie Austin: I've been doing it for a while. Yeah.
Wes Smith: Yeah, I think they're a good place room.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they are.
Wes Smith: And
Natalie Austin: Help people that you know can't get around. Can't get, you know,
Natalie Austin: are busy with work.
Wes Smith: Right.
Wes Smith: Yeah, this is a good
Natalie Austin: Way. Yeah.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I just saw your last name.
Smith.
Wes Smith: I th
Natalie Austin: Wisely right
Wes Smith: Yeah, web spy
Natalie Austin: Well, tell me about your story. What happened like the. How did you get into
Natalie Austin: All of the opioid epidemic.
Wes Smith: I'm
Wes Smith: Back in 2000 and
Wes Smith: We'll be back in 2000
Wes Smith: In a minute.
Wes Smith: I'd say it was when I was 19 or 20 I started doing pills, just because I was around them, you know, I mean,
Right.
Wes Smith: And
Wes Smith: eventually turn into heroin back in when I was 2122
Wes Smith: And I've been doing it on and off. I mean years you know me.
Wes Smith: But, um,
Wes Smith: Yeah, I
Wes Smith: I i got with you guys. Yeah, I mean, back in November 2018 okay I remember I was doing really good. I really was. And I did good, or wept like July, July.
Wes Smith: And that was where I was living was like, you know, just full of people do heroin.
Wes Smith: And that's what made me end up messing around, and I left on my record. It wasn't bad terms or anything. And then, yeah, I mean like, it's like, once I moved a couple months ago. Yeah. I mean, I've been doing good, and
Natalie Austin: Heroin
Wes Smith: All about belief, four days ago.
Natalie Austin: So don't don't find any hand where you are, though, if you already found some
Wes Smith: Yes, and that's why I was wanting to. That's why I was wanting to get subs. You know, I mean, because once I know I get spots on I won't even look at where I know I won't
Wes Smith: That's what I was, I was really telling myself that I know I can. And the other night I was just talking about it and they called me up. It was weird. They called me out of nowhere. You guys did and
Wes Smith: I was just felt like it was just meant to be like I was meant that you guys up. So I did a video, you're not the video chat booking the phone.
Wes Smith: Interview and
Wes Smith: Yeah, I got everything done, send it in.
Wes Smith: And
Wes Smith: That was last Wednesday.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: So you're on the on Suboxone eight slash two tablets. I
Natalie Austin: Did you find a pharmacy up there yet.
Wes Smith: Yes, I did. It's, um, Kroger pharmacy.
Wes Smith: And Hamilton Avenue. Here, I'll give you the
Natalie Austin: I'll see if we have it in here.
Wes Smith: Yes, they did have it when I called you.
Natalie Austin: Yep. Okay.
Wes Smith: Thank you.
Wes Smith: Um, what would you want to do like
Wes Smith: To prescription to
Wes Smith: Do I do Tuesday or Thursday.
Wes Smith: Counseling.
Natalie Austin: We're done. Thursday counseling.
Okay.
Wes Smith: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I don't know if you're starting this Thursday or not.
Natalie Austin: If they give you a date or if you're starting this Thursday next Thursday.
Wes Smith: Know the habit. The habit.
Habit. I'm
Natalie Austin: Like I wouldn't give you four days worth. I'll make sure you're on. So this thirst, are you available Thursday.
Wes Smith: Yeah, yeah. Was it eight o'clock 8pm
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they changed it to one o'clock.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Wes Smith: Okay 1pm
Natalie Austin: That's actually we're gonna make it an evening one because a lot of people are requesting that
Wes Smith: Okay, yeah, I did like evening. Once those are nice.
Okay.
Wes Smith: Appreciate it.
Natalie Austin: Absolutely.
Wes Smith: No long do you think it would take for it to get to the
Wes Smith: Because I'm right down the road from it.
Natalie Austin: After all, after I send it, it'll take us probably an hour.
Wes Smith: Now, okay, thank you.
Wes Smith: Thank you very much. I really do appreciate it.
Wes Smith: And you know, I mean, hopefully this pharmacies, not like you know cuz I have one pharmacy. Tell me, because I used to go to Kroger pharmacy in Hillsboro, Ohio.
Wes Smith: And
Wes Smith: They were the only ones that mess with me, not the only one. But the second one I tried because the first one.
Wes Smith: They told me they didn't want to mess with me because they you guys were multi state thing and I was just like, what
Wes Smith: You know, I mean, like, you know, you guys have built for me twice but I found one that did work with me. But if they were to get in trouble if they were getting into trouble. I call you guys much now.
Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Let's
Natalie Austin: Let's go over your past medical history.
Natalie Austin: See things change.
Natalie Austin: On Michael
Natalie Austin: Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
Natalie Austin: Catholic orthodox Anglican and then persistence systems of faith. He's called St Michael the archangel and say let's
Natalie Austin: switch screens here.
Natalie Austin: Alexa
Wes Smith: Alexa all
Natalie Austin: I know she's talking
Wes Smith: They do that sometimes. I know where
Natalie Austin: It's a weird. Yeah.
Wes Smith: Yeah, I don't
Natalie Austin: Know where it's like
Wes Smith: Okay, my medical history.
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Diabetes, hypertension,
Wes Smith: No.
Natalie Austin: Um, any other medical
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Wes Smith: Yeah. Awesome. Awesome, good house. I ended logic to no medications.
No.
Wes Smith: No allergies. No. No, none.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: We'll put that in. Okay, past medical history. Let's see what we have here. Yeah, I don't have anything sob or disorder.
Wes Smith: Yep. Do you
Natalie Austin: Do you smoke cigarettes do
Wes Smith: Yes, I do.
Awesome so
Natalie Austin: How much do you smoke.
Wes Smith: A PACK A DAY.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, do you have
Natalie Austin: You know, high blood pressure, diabetes,
Heart disease. No.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you take any pills or anything else.
Wes Smith: No, no, no.
Natalie Austin: Do you have gathered patent and praise Olson in here.
Wes Smith: Uh, the presumption was from the sub Dr.
Wes Smith: Malik when I was with him.
Wes Smith: Right, it's for night terrors that was like a sleeping pill.
Wes Smith: He he. First it. I mean, I don't think I need it. But then again, it did help
Wes Smith: Now the gabapentin I don't get no more.
Wes Smith: I'm not with that doctor and I'm where I need to get me a new partner.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Wes Smith: somewhere closer because I just moved up here. No, I mean,
Natalie Austin: Y'all know anyone yet.
Yeah.
Wes Smith: Much. No, I don't.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, your depression.
Wes Smith: And anxiety. Yes, sometimes. Yeah, but she like right now when I'm
Wes Smith: Feeling sick.
Natalie Austin: Because right now, you are detoxing right
Wes Smith: Yes, yes, it's been like three. It's been two and a half days.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So we'll add them to your use of your disorder history of night tears and anxiety.
Natalie Austin: Uh huh. Yes. Boehner past surgical history. Any surgeries.
Know,
Natalie Austin: Have your tonsils and appendix.
Natalie Austin: your tonsils taken out as a kid.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Wes Smith: Yeah, I hear
Natalie Austin: You started your tonsils.
Oh,
OK.
Natalie Austin: Enough surgical history, no family history, your parents still alive.
Yes.
Wes Smith: Mom and Dad. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Are they, do they have any health issues like I
Natalie Austin: Mentioned, no, no. There's healthy to
Wes Smith: Yep, they're healthy to
Natalie Austin: Good. You have good genes.
Wes Smith: Yeah, that's right.
Natalie Austin: You have any brothers or sisters
Wes Smith: I have a sister.
She's
Natalie Austin: Awesome.
Wes Smith: Older younger. She's four years older. Okay. For years my senior
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's go under Social history.
Natalie Austin: Married single divorced
Wes Smith: I am single
Wes Smith: Well, I mean, I have a girlfriend. I have a girlfriend, but
Single
Wes Smith: On the tax forms type deal
Natalie Austin: Yeah, any kids.
Wes Smith: One little girl.
Natalie Austin: How old is she,
She's
Wes Smith: Awesome.
Natalie Austin: She does she live. Is that your girlfriend's daughter.
Wes Smith: No, it's my
Wes Smith: Daughter
Okay.
Natalie Austin: You get to see here
Probably
Wes Smith: You can FaceTime, yeah.
Wes Smith: Most likely, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Nice.
Natalie Austin: Okay, tobacco use one pack a day since age, what, when did you start smoke.
Wes Smith: Smoke smoke cigarettes 16
Natalie Austin: Okay if 16 any marijuana use or not.
Wes Smith: Smoke. We know I don't drink you drink either
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay. And you started at 27
Yeah.
Wes Smith: Yeah, I've been a more I was snorting it. I was just when I was doing
Natalie Austin: And you do, I'd be like, ever.
Wes Smith: No, I don't do it, no more, no I quit that that's one thing I had to quit. I didn't like it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Did you get to have to have see your HIV from it.
Wes Smith: Yes, I did have see
Natalie Austin: You have see them.
Wes Smith: Yes, I do. But I'm losing it.
A
Wes Smith: Blood results and stuff. And I was telling me Dr. Malik seen them to when I did a blood test from the last time it was like, yes, you're right. I was like, thank God, second one that told me that
Natalie Austin: Yeah, your bike and regenerated.
Wes Smith: My sister. She beat it to the I've seen her blood work she did it too as well because she used to be a drug addict.
Wes Smith: She's a reformed now.
Wes Smith: She does better
Natalie Austin: Shin and treatment to
Wes Smith: Know, she's out of it. Now she's doing good. So in this box and nothing
Natalie Austin: She has a box them to
Wes Smith: No, not right now. She completely she'd been
Natalie Austin: Well, yeah, that's great.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Why you should be
Natalie Austin: Back to get back and give you some
Natalie Austin: You know, Dr. Do you say
Right.
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay, so back under medical history, let's add happens like to see
Ya. Good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm back under review systems, you are detoxing so you're having some nausea, vomiting,
Wes Smith: Nice nausea.
Natalie Austin: nausea, diarrhea,
Wes Smith: Sweat. No, okay, it does the opposite. To me it hardens me up like really weird.
Natalie Austin: Okay so so cause nausea dizzy sweating.
Natalie Austin: Know diarrhea know throwing up. Okay.
No.
Natalie Austin: Okay, under physical exam wasn't well developed wonders white male know keep the stress.
Natalie Austin: Bottom line, stable.
Natalie Austin: A febrile at&t parallel. How tall are you,
Wes Smith: I'm six foot
Natalie Austin: And how much do you weigh
Wes Smith: Away.
Natalie Austin: One 151 51 okay
Natalie Austin: So add in the light of the weight and they're on at AMP T Perla Claudia closing tag long will not leave or aspirations Advil understanding extremity, though the musculoskeletal five plus five.
Natalie Austin: Site Lori's have three neuro cranium for beginners to through 12 and tact Jen Kelly bird.
Natalie Austin: Okay, allergies, and then I'm drug allergies.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: And then medication in this room eight slash two tablets once to twice a day.
Natalie Austin: And then get a pattern like
Wes Smith: Gotten
Natalie Austin: Out of hand is a previous medication.
Wes Smith: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: And normally, you take that for the nightmares.
Wes Smith: The post can
Wes Smith: Cross can. Yeah, well, how do you pronounce that.
Wes Smith: Precise
Wes Smith: As well.
Wes Smith: What
Natalie Austin: Are you taking the got a patent for
Wes Smith: For my up when I broke my leg one on this floor and it was my sciatic nerve. I'm on my way.
Wes Smith: Okay. Yeah, but I hadn't a few months.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So yes, I am nerve pain.
Natalie Austin: Nerve came up under the past medical history.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so, um,
Will do.
Natalie Austin: kind of kept siege and always inside disorder dream anxiety.
Natalie Austin: Which is night tears.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, use
Natalie Austin: sciatic nerve injury opioid use disorder.
Natalie Austin: And then under plan.
Natalie Austin: Patient appears to be clearly have to see.
Natalie Austin: That's good. Follow up with your PCP is needed.
Natalie Austin: For generalized anxiety disorder. The night terrors follow up with your PCP as well for medications needed
Natalie Austin: To say what the sciatic nerve injury followed your PCP for medications if needed. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco use discuss to us a station. He knows tobacco is bad for you.
Wes Smith: It's just part of my job. Yeah.
Wes Smith: Right.
Natalie Austin: So we have
Natalie Austin: Information about that.
Natalie Austin: You can get the past, you can get dumb Nicorette gum different things, you know. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, for the opioid use disorder will continue this Suboxone eight slash two tablets once or twice a day. Yep. Um, I just sent out eight tablets.
Natalie Austin: Okay, Kroger and Cincinnati, Ohio.
Natalie Austin: Yep.
Wes Smith: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: And I will follow up on Thursday at one o'clock for group counseling and medication management.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll make sure you're on the list for Thursday. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Wes Smith: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: got cut off. Yeah, well,
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Wes Smith: Thursday. What time
Natalie Austin: One o'clock will send you an email.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: If that medicine doesn't go through, let us know.
Wes Smith: Oh, thank you, miss. Dr. Austin appreciate that very much.
You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: I'm your girlfriend is she getting treatment or she
Wes Smith: She don't she don't do Suboxone
Natalie Austin: Okay, so, so make sure you're not around around that.
Wes Smith: She, she learned do hair. Yes. You don't do that she means mostly from time to time. That's about it. But I don't smoke it.
Natalie Austin: She's cleaning
Wes Smith: She's, she's cleaning
Wes Smith: Hmm.
Wes Smith: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Thank you. Let me
Natalie Austin: Know,
Wes Smith: Sir, appreciate it.
Wes Smith: You're welcome. I'll see you Thursday at 1pm
Natalie Austin: Yeah, let me go over one more thing here.
Natalie Austin: Oh laboratory studies. I'm going to send you out.
Natalie Austin: Your analysis and get some blood work. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Oh, that should be an email.
Uh huh.
Natalie Austin: And why did you choose will usually send it right directly to quest.
Quest
Wes Smith: Hospital.
Wes Smith: Yeah, there's a, there's one day and a hospital near me. Yeah.
Wes Smith: Cuz I remember, I remember I was thinking about that. And I was like, yeah, it'll probably want a blood test. So yeah, I looked up and there was one hear me, I can get to it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Thank you so much better emails again on
Natalie Austin: Yeah, oh no, it looks like they sent it. They send it to quest. Yep. Upper up here. So this already sitting there. So you can just go whenever you want.
Wes Smith: Oh, is it already, they're
Natalie Austin: Like, yeah, okay.
Wes Smith: So it's a quest lab.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, just Google, like the one that's closest to you, I guess.
Wes Smith: Okay, I'll try to have that done by Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and then the urine drug screen to
Wes Smith: Okay, well I do it there.
Natalie Austin: At the question. Yeah, no witness, you know, they have to be witness. So they will come in with a lot of whatever
Wes Smith: You
Natalie Austin: Are you gonna have anything the system today.
Wes Smith: No, no. There's none in my system right now. No.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I think for three days. Right.
Wes Smith: Yeah, it's been like, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay. I mean, it's your first one so it's not. It's kind of to be expected, but
Natalie Austin: By ask you anyway. Okay, so
Natalie Austin: Oh, you're welcome.
Natalie Austin: And then since you moved to Cincinnati. Have you got any prescriptions for anything.
Wes Smith: No, not yet.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you check your orders here. I want to check the database here real quick.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: This is just a requirement for Ohio here.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You know, probably ever old prescriptions in here from your last doctor
Wes Smith: Oh, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Did you find a job yet when you're up there.
Wes Smith: A dog.
Wes Smith: A job or 100%
Wes Smith: Yes, I'm looking for more right now.
Natalie Austin: You're looking at okay
Yes.
Natalie Austin: You. What's your date of birth 620-896-2819 91
Natalie Austin: What's your zip code.
Natalie Austin: Zip Code.
Wes Smith: I have it.
Natalie Austin: You're
Natalie Austin: Just learning it
Wes Smith: Yeah, I still am.
Natalie Austin: What's your, what's your old zip code where you are before
Natalie Austin: 566045606 it'll be registered with that anyway.
Natalie Austin: Your birthday 628 91 right
Wes Smith: Yes, yes.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Wesley.
Natalie Austin: What are you looking for
Natalie Austin: What kind of job are you looking for, what, what kind of trade. Do you have
Um,
Wes Smith: I could do construction.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm good, good, good.
Natalie Austin: You found anything around there yet.
Natalie Austin: Not yet interview with Nope.
Wes Smith: Not yet.
Natalie Austin: You're locked up. So I'm gonna write this down.
Natalie Austin: Nice there.
Wes Smith: Oh yeah right now it is
Wes Smith: Like 4850. Yep.
Natalie Austin: I'm at the border, Pennsylvania.
Natalie Austin: Okay, my stupid bill and Boardman Ohio.
Wes Smith: Yeah, oh yeah, yeah.
Wes Smith: Yes, sounds out right now. Nice.
Natalie Austin: 845660
Natalie Austin: Prescriptions I'm I have, I have a Ohio address Dayton, Ohio.
Wes Smith: Yeah, so they
Natalie Austin: They changed my prescription. So it shows Ohio address to that whole
Natalie Austin: California address thing won't be on there.
Wes Smith: Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: Good. We are having troubles with a lot of the pharmacies, like you said,
Wes Smith: Hmm. That was back in November, December 2018
Natalie Austin: We're still having trouble with it. So I just hadn't changed, like a month ago.
Wes Smith: Thank God.
Natalie Austin: They shouldn't question it now.
Wes Smith: Good. That's good.
Wes Smith: There was no problem with it anyway. That's what I told him I was like this is the way the world.
Wes Smith: Is taboo to you guys because you guys don't know, but this is me the way it will come one day.
Wes Smith: Yeah. Well, of course you know UNKNOWN. Everybody always questions, you know,
Natalie Austin: I know
Wes Smith: I said, look, you know, this is how it's going to start going so so you guys are the ones gonna be stuck in the last you guys keep doing this.
Exactly.
Natalie Austin: That's not told numerous on the phone with numerous pharmacists for CBS everywhere. It's crazy.
Wes Smith: I know and they look like something weird going on. It's like, it's like hokey, I'm like, I know this is how
Wes Smith: This is yeah, this is a
Wes Smith: License.
Wes Smith: Mean like nobody's nobody's trying to get over on nobody
Natalie Austin: I know
Natalie Austin: Me. Yep. Okay. Your last prescription. It looks like a soon July or
Wes Smith: August July.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah yeah
Wes Smith: It was July, August when I left.
Natalie Austin: And that was Ronnie Malik. Yeah.
Wes Smith: Malik. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Ok cool and then Ron was wrong, September 9. Yep. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you're good.
Wes Smith: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Good or or
Natalie Austin: Sad at the bottom. I know it was was checked.
Natalie Austin: And then copy to Dr. Jennifer Jamison
Natalie Austin: Yep, I think you're good.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions.
Wes Smith: Nope that's it.
Wes Smith: Okay thank you john. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. We'll see you on Thursday. Okay.
Wes Smith: Those that want them.
Wes Smith: But